with the number 1 classic female joseph
ortega number 1 to all in
javier matías decks with number 2
asael isaías cárdenas with number 2 a
private click jose Luis fields number 3
couscous moisés gonzález garcía number 4
fly brother fly josé ambrosio number 5
They are and yellow number 6 le César Mora
petit police ignacio jiménez and number 7
novel broco rubén escalona
I repeated police on the outside by
Inside comes for the first place home
the exemplary entity moves to fight the
All-in leadership with the yellow cap
on the outside he did not come back with the fourth place
for the fifth one is moving private
click followed by the number one class
threshold between them comes advancing fly
brother fly to the bottom couscous and with the
red street lamp sony yellow go towards the
final curve forward the head of the
number 6 I repeated police in the second
place is moving all-in number 1 to
until number 2 red goes away
for the first one when crossing the center of
final arch home he has the head
in front of all-in I asked police for
out comes in third position
closing the number 1 class on the rail
threshold outside does couscous enter to
the final straight home commanding
repeat police in second all in in
third closing on the outside
couscous in front low to him with isaiah
Cardenas attacking him petit police and more
outside is couscous
he is imposing house the conquis the
classic city ​​of mexico
couscous to the second third le petit
police
conquering the 45th edition of the classic
city of mexico grade 2 in the
winner's circle number two rafael
is a 12-year-old red colt created
in the USA it belongs to block san jorge '
train fausto gutierrez rode isaiah
Cardenas